Diode laser for permanent hair removal.

Customize hair removal across a wide range of skin tones like never before
Laser hair removal is one of the most popular aesthetic procedures globally and has become a standard of care for both women and men alike. Discover the strength of the most researched hair removal brands that offer a fast effective and comfortable method for permanent hair reduction (including tanned and dark skin).

Your skin may have gone through a lot during shaving, waxing or tweezing. But no more as we have rolled out a permanent, safest and the skin-friendly diode laser hair removal treatment that reaches to even the trickiest and the hairiest area of your body. We are provider of Best Painless LASER Hair Removal Treatment. Our aim lies in the targeting of laser that not just allows us to remove multiple hairs at the same time but is cost-effective, harmless, and painless too.

We offer the permanent hair removal treatment you were looking for. Its advanced diode laser technology safely eliminates unwanted hair from the face and body, for all skin types and year round, even in summer and in tanned skin!. We work by applying a laser beam over the desired area targeting the hair follicle without affecting the skin, effectively damaging the cells responsible for hair growth.

How you prepare
If you're interested in laser hair removal, choose a doctor who's board certified in a specialty such as dermatology or cosmetic surgery and has experience with laser hair removal on your skin type. If a physician assistant or licensed nurse will do the procedure, make sure a doctor supervises and is available on-site during the treatments. Be cautious about spas, salons or other facilities that allow nonmedical personnel to do laser hair removal.
Before laser hair removal, schedule a consultation with the doctor to determine if this is an appropriate treatment option for you. Your doctor will likely do the following:
•	Review your medical history, including medication use, history of skin disorders or scarring, and past hair removal procedures
•	Discuss risks, benefits and expectations, including what laser hair removal can and can't do for you
•	Take photos to be used for before-and-after assessments and long-term reviews
At the consultation, discuss a treatment plan and related costs. Laser hair removal is usually an out-of-pocket expense.

Results
Hairs do not fall out immediately, but you will shed them over a period of days to weeks. This may look like continued hair growth. The repeated treatments are usually necessary because hair growth and loss naturally occur in a cycle, and laser treatment works best with hair follicles in the new-growth stage.
Results vary significantly and are difficult to predict. Most people experience hair removal that lasts several months, and it might last for years. But laser hair removal doesn't guarantee permanent hair removal. When hair regrows, it's usually finer and lighter in color.
You might need maintenance laser treatments for long-term hair reduction.
